Pony
Zhao Bingrui may really want to sell the company
He also said that there will be a signing ceremony
A lossmaking business can get 3 billion money
We don't lose money
But I still think
It can't be so cheap for him.
Don't worry, tomorrow's signing ceremony.
I have the best way to deal with him
The handover ceremony is about to begin
They're not going to break the contract, are they?
The company is still ours
Du Chen, I discussed it with your brother.
Future semiconductor industry
It's very promising.
Shunyang Technology is your father's hard work after all
We're not going to sell anything.
We paid the deposit
How could you do that?
Selling a company is a big deal
Even if Zhao Bingrui agrees
You need to see the nod of our company's elders.
What? Are you really going back on it?
So what if you regret it?
Trash like you
It was not qualified to acquire Shunyang Technology
Don't tell me
Even if I agree
The rest of the company's elders are unlikely to agree